Certificate renewal instruction updated using dns chalange approach. (#91)
packit-service/deployment: README.md

Please bear in mind this is the easiest process I was able to figure out: there
is a ton of places for improvements and ideally make it automated 100%.

> We are using certificates multidomain wildcard certificate for following domains:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are using multi-domain wildcard certificates for following domains:
```

> _.packit.dev
> _.prod.packit.dev
> \*.stg.packit.dev

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- *.packit.dev
- *.prod.packit.dev
- *.stg.packit.dev
```

In case procedure bellow will not work, previously used http challenge can be used instead [link](https://github.com/packit-service/deployment/blob/008f5eaad69a620c54784f1fc19c7c775af9ec7d/README.md#obtaining-a-lets-encrypt-cert-using-certbot).

> Be aware that http challenge approach is more complex, includes destructive actions and longer downtime

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Be aware that http challenge approach is more complex, includes destructive actions and longer downtime.
```

TL;DR

1. Check prerequisites.
2. Run certbot to obtain the challenges.
3. Configure DNS TXT records based on values requested in 2.
4. Update secrets repository.
5. Re-deploy stg&prod.

> _Note: If certbot was excuted against multiple domains you will repeat step 3. for each domain_

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
_Note: If certbot was excuted against multiple domains you will repeat step 3. for each domain._
```

TL;DR

1. Check prerequisites.
2. Run certbot to obtain the challenges.
3. Configure DNS TXT records based on values requested in 2.
4. Re-deploy stg&prod.

> 5. Update secrets repository.

Reviewer 2: Could we switch these two in order to make sure, that the new cert is saved and available to the rest of the team?

Author: ok will switch them

Author: switched

pro-eu-west-1-infra-1781350677.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com. 60 IN A 52.50.44.252
```

Check if you have access to packit.dev domain in [Google Domains](https://domains.google.com/m/registrar/packit.dev).

Cehck/install certbot localy [certbot](https://certbot.eff.org/all-instructions).

### 2. Run certbot to obtain the challenges.

Run certbot:

```

> certbot certonly --config-dir /var/tmp --work-dir /var/tmp --logs-dir /var/tmp --manual --preferred-challenges dns --email user-cont-team@redhat.com -d *.packit.dev -d *.prod.packit.dev -d *.stg.packit.dev

Reviewer 2: Would `*.packit.dev` be enough?

Author: no, i have tried. Also you can check [so link](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/26744696/ssl-multilevel-subdomain-wildcard)

Reviewer 2: Gotcha! I wouldn't have expected this, though it makes sense... Would making a note about this here help avoiding confusion or it would be superfluous?

Author: was thinking if it should be included, so will put it here

Author: updated

```

You will be asked to set TXT record for every domain requested:

```
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Please deploy a DNS TXT record under the name
_acme-challenge.prod.packit.dev with the following value:

123456abcdef

Before continuing, verify the record is deployed.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Press Enter to Continue
```

### 3. Update DNS record

> Go to [Google Domains](https://domains.google.com/m/registrar/packit.dev/dns) and create/set correspondig value: TXT record type with name \_acme-challenge/\_acme-challenge.prod/\_acme-challenge.stg

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Go to [Google Domains](https://domains.google.com/m/registrar/packit.dev/dns) and create/set the corresponding value: TXT record called \_acme-challenge/\_acme-challenge.prod/\_acme-challenge.stg
```

Wait till is distributed - in another terminal check with:

```
nslookup -q=TXT _acme-challenge.prod.packit.dev
```

> once it will return configured value

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
once it returns the configured value
```

```
[~/]$ nslookup -q=TXT _acme-challenge.packit.dev
Server:         213.46.172.37
Address:        213.46.172.37#53

Non-authoritative answer:
_acme-challenge.packit.dev      text = "123456abcdef"

Authoritative answers can be found from:

[~/]$ ping dashboard.packit.dev
```

> Go to terminal wtih certbot command waiting for your action and hit Enter

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Go to the terminal with certbot command waiting for your action and hit Enter.
```

Repeat this for all requested domains.

> Once finished change owner and copy certificates to secrets repository (prod&stg)

Reviewer 2: Hm, why is this needed?

Author: certbot requires root permissions or change multiple write locations
```
[Errno 13] Permission denied: '/var/log/letsencrypt'
Either run as root, or set --config-dir, --work-dir, and --logs-dir to writeable paths.
```
i was thinking default, behavior is more secure and clean. WDYT?

Author: i will also incude point for executing certbot to run under if we will agree on this root approach

Reviewer 2: I think this is b/c the original use-case of certbot is to update certificates on live systems - in this case running as root makes sense. But if running in manual mode to get certs for *another* system, I would say there is no reason to run certbot as root.

I would rather say to change those paths to some user writable ones.

Author: updated to non root approach

pro-eu-west-1-infra-1781350677.eu-west-1.elb.amazonaws.com. 60 IN A 52.50.44.252
```

Check if you have access to packit.dev domain in [Google Domains](https://domains.google.com/m/registrar/packit.dev).

> Cehck/install certbot localy [certbot](https://certbot.eff.org/all-instructions).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check/install [certbot](https://certbot.eff.org/all-instructions) locally.
```

- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Press Enter to Continue
```

### 3. Update DNS record

Go to [Google Domains](https://domains.google.com/m/registrar/packit.dev/dns) and create/set the corresponding value: TXT record called \_acme-challenge/\_acme-challenge.prod/\_acme-challenge.stg

Wait till is distributed - in another terminal check with:

```
nslookup -q=TXT _acme-challenge.prod.packit.dev
```

once it returns the configured value

```
[~/]$ nslookup -q=TXT _acme-challenge.packit.dev
Server:         213.46.172.37
Address:        213.46.172.37#53

Non-authoritative answer:
_acme-challenge.packit.dev      text = "123456abcdef"

Authoritative answers can be found from:

[~/]$ ping dashboard.packit.dev
```

Go to the terminal with certbot command waiting for your action and hit Enter.

Repeat this for all requested domains.

Once finished copy certificates to secrets repository (prod&stg)

```
cp /var/tmp/live/packit.dev/{fullchain,privkey}.pem _path_to_prod_secrets_
cp /var/tmp/live/packit.dev/{fullchain,privkey}.pem _path_to_stg_secrets_
```

### 4. Update secret repository

- push new branch and merge.

> ### 5.Re-deploy dev and stg environment:

Reviewer 2: Should this be stg and prod instead?

> ### 5.Re-deploy dev and stg environment:

Author: ```suggestion
### 5.Re-deploy stg and prod environment:
```
